# MyPDO
A 'Work in progress' Database wrapper for PHP using MySQL and PDO
<hr>

### Table of Contents
**[Initialization](#initialization)**  
**[Raw Query](#raw-query)**  
**[SQL Select](#sql-select)**  

**[test](#test)**  


### Initialization
To use this class, download and include 'MyPDO.php' into your project.

```php
require_once ('MyPDO.php');
```



### Raw Query
asd fa sdf as df asdf a sdf asd ff 
asd fa sdf as df asdf a sdf asd ff 
asd fa sdf as df asdf a sdf asd ff 
asd fa sdf as df asdf a sdf asd ff 
asd fa sdf as df asdf a sdf asd ff 
asd fa sdf as df asdf a sdf asd ff 



### SQL Select
asd fa sdf as df asdf a sdf asd ff 
asd fa sdf as df asdf a sdf asd ff 
asd fa sdf as df asdf a sdf asd ff 
asd fa sdf as df asdf a sdf asd ff 
asd fa sdf as df asdf a sdf asd ff 
























### test
sd fa sdf asd fa sdf asd fa sf d
sd fa sdf asd fa sdf asd fa sf d
sd fa sdf asd fa sdf asd fa sf d
sd fa sdf asd fa sdf asd fa sf d
sd fa sdf asd fa sdf asd fa sf d
sd fa sdf asd fa sdf asd fa sf d
sd fa sdf asd fa sdf asd fa sf d
sd fa sdf asd fa sdf asd fa sf d
